PRIVACY POLICY

Velayudhan.me is a studio and its websites, games and other applications ("we," "our" or "us") believe that your privacy is very important.
Your installation and/or use of these Websites/Apps and/or submission of information to us constitute your consent to this Privacy Policy and the processing of your information (personal and non-personal) as described in this Policy.
This Privacy Policy is effective as of Feb 9, 2018, and was last modified on Feb 9, 2018.


There are two types of information we may collect through your use of the Websites/Apps:

1."Personal Information" - We never collect any personal infomation. If "yes", It may from ad services like: AdMob, Facebook FAN... using for their services.
2."Non-Personal Information" - which is information that does not identify you and cannot be used to contact you personally, including information about you such as your date of birth, age, ZIP code, non-precise geolocation information (e.g., your city), and gender, as well as information about your computer and mobile device, such as your unique device ID, Internet Protocol (IP) address, or other persistent identifiers, and their hardware/software/firmware.
Non-Personal Information also includes “Usage Data,” which is anonymous data tied to your computer and/or device, such as the actions you take within and outside of the Websites/Apps, the browser you use, the identity of other apps included on your device, the date and time of your use of the Websites/Apps, your game progress, play time, score and achievements, and the URLs you visited and/or apps you used before and after using our Websites/Apps.


Cookies

In connection with the foregoing collection of Personal Information and Non-Personal Information, we may also use cookies or similar technologies (tiny files that are stored on your computer's hard drive or mobile device when you visit certain web pages or apps that identify your computer or mobile device and may store information about you such as behavioral data). Should you choose to submit Personal Information to us, we may link cookie information to such Personal Information. You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent. However, some of our services will not function properly if you do so and you may lose access to the services you purchased. To learn more about cookies and how to reject them, visit www.aboutcookies.org.


Advertising
By using our Website/Apps, you may be offered advertising content. We or the ad networks we use may utilize ad-serving technologies that use cookies, beacons, tracking pixels and other technologies that are placed within the ads and allow us or our networks to collect Non-Personal Information. Non-Personal Information such as age and gender may be used to ensure that appropriate advertising is offered to you. Usage Data and Non-Personal Information such as advertising identifiers may be used to determine how many clicks an ad received, to measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns, to determine the proper amount of repeat views of a given ad, and/or to deliver ads that best relate to your interests. Depending on your device and its operating system, you may be able to choose to prevent your device's ad identifier being used for interest-based advertising or reset your device's ad identifier by changing the settings of your device.


Legal Disclaimer
Our Websites/Apps operate AS-IS, and we do not represent or warrant that our Websites/Apps will be available at all times, or that your use of the Websites/Apps will be uninterrupted or error-free. We are not responsible for your ability to access the Websites/Apps or for matters beyond our control.
